1homepage
Nature's Miracle: Apricots
apricots
They are rich source of dietary fiber, antioxidants, vitamins, and minerals. The fruits are enriched with numerous health promoting phytochemicals; that helps prevent heart disease, reduce LDL, ("bad cholesterol") levels and offer protection against cancers.


2. Ahmet Tapan Food & Agricultural Products
dried apricots export
Ahmet Tapan Food & Agricultural Products Industry Co. Inc., is dried fruit processing and exporting company. We export our products more than 80 countries all around the world. We are a family owned company which is one of the major grower.


3-about us
Ahmet Tapan Food & Agricultural Products Industry Co. Inc., is dried fruit processing and exporting company. We export our products more than 80 countries all around the world. We are a family owned company which is one of the major grower, processor and packer of dried fruits in Malatya, Turkey since 2015.

At Ahmet Tapan Food & Agricultural Products Industry Co. Inc., our mission is to cultivate products and services to deliver to our customers and consumers through dedication and commitment to high-quality, nutritious and healthy food choices. Our ambition is to ensure safety, excellence and development of products and partnerships to support our consumers, purveyors and community.

Our company has ISO22000:2015 certified by Inspecco and Kosher certified by Star-K Kosher Certification.

	
Food Safety
All of our products are tested for strict adherence to microbiological standards before they are released for sale. We utilize the services of outside independent laboratories to assure you that our results are fair and unbiased.

4-Services
Sulphured, Organic and Natural Dried Apricots

Origin: Malatya / TURKEY
Packages: 12,5 kg - 5 kg Carton Boxes - 250 gr, 500 gr Packages, Various Bags
Sizes: Jumbo (60 - 80 Count per/kg), 1 to 8, Industrial
Type: Fancy, Extra
HTS Code: 0813.10.00.00.00

Dried Apricots are high in fibre and low in fat. Our Apricots are also rich in vitamin A and are a valuable source of iron and calcium

4.2 Diced Dried Apricots
Our diced dried Turkish apricots are ready to use. They're being already diced makes them perfect for cooking baking, mixes and other purposes. They have a naturally sweet taste that make them delicious just for snacking too! Rich in fiber, minerals, and vitamins, diced apricots are a very healthy treat.


5-Contact us

